fbpager.alpha: 100
fbpager.x: 1210
fbpager.y: 775
fbpager.workspace.width: 32
fbpager.workspace.height: 32
fbpager.workspacesPerRow: 2
fbpager.followDrag: true
fbpager.followMove: true
fbpager.changeWorkspaceButton: 11
fbpager.raiseWindowButton: 2
fbpager.lowerWindowButton: 3
fbpager.closeWindowButton: 3 3 1
fbpager.exitButton: 1 3 3
fbpager.nextWorkspaceButton: 4
fbpager.prevWorkspaceButton: 5
fbpager.moveInWorkspaceButton: 1
fbpager.dragToWorkspaceButton: 2
fbpager.align: LeftToRight
fbpager.color: black
fbpager.windowColor: lightgray
fbpager.focusedWindowColor: cyan
fbpager.windowBorderColor: black
fbpager.backgroundColor: gray
fbpager.currentBackgroundColor: lightgray
fbpager.multiClickTime: 250
fbpager.icons: false
fbpager.windowBorderWidth: 1
